Add condition for 401 on invalid key and changelog on API Guide (#10127)
IQSS/dataverse: doc/sphinx-guides/source/api/changelog.rst

API Changelog 
=============

.. contents:: |toctitle|
    :local:
    :depth: 1

> 6.0.0

Reviewer: There is no 6.0.0. Do you mean 6.0?

Author: Fixed it, was just leaving it like that in case there is a smaller release at some point. 

Thanks!

Reviewer: But that's not what the release is called. Can you please change it? Also, in which version did the change happen? I thought this was unknown. "sometime between 5.9 and 6.0", right (from the issue)?

Reviewer: Changed to 6.0 in e0350e7. Thanks.

-----

Changes
~~~~~~~

> - **/api/access/datafile**: When a null or invalid API Key is provided to download a public with this API call, it will result on a ``401`` error response. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **/api/access/datafile**: When a null or invalid API token is provided to download a public (non-restricted) file with this API call, it will result on a ``401`` error response. Previously, the download was allowed to happy (``200`` response). Please note that we noticed this change sometime between 5.9 and 6.0. If you can help us pinpoint the exact version (or commit!), please get in touch.
```

> - **api/access/datafile**: When a null or invalid API Key is provided to download a public with this API call, it will result on a ``401`` error response. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **/api/access/datafile**: When a null or invalid API Key is provided to download a public with this API call, it will result on a ``401`` error response. 
```

I think it might look a little nicer as `/api` instead of just `api`

>     - **api/access/datafile**: When a null or invalid API Key is provided to download a public with this API call, it will result on a ``401`` error response. 

Reviewer: .rst is tricky. The formatting is not right here. Please fix.

See https://dataverse-guide--10127.org.readthedocs.build/en/10127/api/changelog.html

Author: I checked the link, but I didn't notice anything weird or out of place. I can give you a call if you want to go through it or could you point me to what is wrong with it? 

Thanks!

Reviewer: Fixed in 2433114ec7.

## before

<img width="844" alt="Screenshot 2023-11-17 at 11 19 38 AM" src="https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse/assets/21006/79f64f80-911e-4e25-8dec-068d58142275">

## after

<img width="872" alt="Screenshot 2023-11-17 at 11 19 54 AM" src="https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse/assets/21006/c13f70e1-c17c-4326-8e0c-62304ae0083b">

Author: Thanks!
